100,000 homes is a national movement to
house a hundred thousand of the most
chronically homeless vulnerable people
in our nation by 2013 and we've set a
local goal of a thousand we're doing
this because we think it's wrong that
homeless men and women sleep outside and
we think it's wrong that those are sick
and in need of our help the most are not
prioritized for housing we're part of
the hundred thousand homes campaign and
our goal is to house a thousand people
over the next two years
we're out here today trying to survey as
many people as possible and get a
thousand people off the street into
permanent housing in the next two years
we should be doing it because it's the
right thing to do because people have
been on house for too long and it's
unjust that people die on the streets
and don't get to live their life and
dignity with a roof over their head feel
pretty good we just talked to a
gentleman who has been living up here
for a while and they were very receptive
to the coffee and they want to help us
out and give this information about them
and their own history and it's gone
pretty well so far so we find the folks
we connect them with professionals who
know how to help them or connecting them
with the benefits that they've been
missing or helping them get primary
medical care we're helping them move
over their own place we're providing the
furniture the pots and pans the security
deposit all of these things together or
what is ending someone's homeless system
is taking all of us together to get it
done
well it's important to the folks who are
living on the street for sure it's
important to our community because those
are the most vulnerable population and
here our community and it's critical
that we get them to permanent housing
and on to a better life living outside
it wasn't easy just time constraints
having to be out every day in the
elements I was just so stressed out and
so tired I'm rested now it's the best
opportunity that a homeless person could
ever happen especially for the older
folks like me because it's it's just too
hard on you kid we need to get
stabilized just being able to sit and
relax without a bunch of noise and the
elements of outside that's the biggest
thing I'm enjoying everyone can be a
part of housing a thousand you know our
housing one site we're featuring real
stories of real people that are ending
their homelessness after 20 years or
more all people have to do is go to the
website and make a donation and support
one of the campaigns that we're
featuring if somebody who's on the cusp
of ending their homelessness today we
can all be part of this story we can all
end homelessness in the Silicon
is taking all of us together to get it
done
you